prep release: v1.37.0 (#4438)
apollographql/router: CHANGELOG.md

You configure `APOLLO_ROUTER_SUPERGRAPH_URLS` with a comma separated list of URLs that will be polled in order to try and retrieve the supergraph schema, and you configure the polling interval by setting `APOLLO_UPLINK_POLL_INTERVAL` (default: 10s).

By [@BrynCooke](https://github.com/BrynCooke) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/4377

### Offline license support ([Issue #4219](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/4219))

Running your Apollo Router fleet while fully connected to GraphOS is the best choice for the majority of Apollo users. However, there are scenarios that can prevent your routers from connecting to GraphOS for an extended period of time, ranging from disasters that break connectivity to isolated sites operating with air-gapped networks. If you need to restart or rapidly scale your entire router fleet but you're unable to communicate with Apollo Uplink, new router instances won't be able to serve traffic.

> To support long-term disconnection scenarios, GraphOS supports **offline Enterprise licenses** for the Apollo Router. An offline license enables your routers to start and serve traffic without a persistent connection to GraphOS. The functionality available with an offline license is much of the same as being fully connected to GraphOS, including managed federation for supergraph CI (operation checks, schema linting, contracts, etc.).

Reviewer: "much of the same".

That phrase is so vague as to make me nervous (as a notional customer). What's not the same would be a more interesting list.

Reviewer: see below. The proposed edit resolves this.

Author: Agree.  Addressed via [`8337965` (#4438)](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/4438/commits/83379651d50f47a848b6c13e8109b7b7fd2eebd4).

> Running your Apollo Router fleet while fully connected to GraphOS is the best choice for the majority of Apollo users. However, there are scenarios that can prevent your routers from connecting to GraphOS for an extended period of time, ranging from disasters that break connectivity to isolated sites operating with air-gapped networks. If you need to restart or rapidly scale your entire router fleet but you're unable to communicate with Apollo Uplink, new router instances won't be able to serve traffic.
> 
> To support long-term disconnection scenarios, GraphOS supports **offline Enterprise licenses** for the Apollo Router. An offline license enables your routers to start and serve traffic without a persistent connection to GraphOS. The functionality available with an offline license is much of the same as being fully connected to GraphOS, including managed federation for supergraph CI (operation checks, schema linting, contracts, etc.).
> 
> Offline Enterprise license support for Apollo is available on an as-needed basis. It must be enabled on your Studio organization. For access, send a request to your Apollo contact.
> 
> To learn more, see [Offline Enterprise license](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/router/enterprise-features/#offline-enterprise-license).

Author: Responding to @garypen's note [above](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/4438/files#r1442668760) — which I agree with — I propose: 

```suggestion
> ⚠️ This is an [Enterprise feature](https://www.apollographql.com/blog/platform/evaluating-apollo-router-understanding-free-and-open-vs-commercial-features/) of the Apollo Router available on an as-needed basis. It requires the feature be enabled on an organization with a [GraphOS Enterprise plan](https://www.apollographql.com/pricing/). Send a request to your Apollo contact to enable it for your GraphOS Studio organization.

Running your Apollo Router fleet while fully connected to GraphOS is the best choice for most Apollo users. To support various other scenarios, this release of the Router introduces GraphOS **offline** Enterprise licenses. An offline license enables routers to start and serve traffic without a persistent connection to GraphOS.

For complete details on the feature, including how it varies from being fully-connected to GraphOS, see [Offline Enterprise license](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/router/enterprise-features/#offline-enterprise-license).
```
